I'm not Mr. He's fiancee
Besides, what's wrong with me making out with my husband?
Your husband?
Are you out of your mind?
Leave Mr. He's wife alone
Marry such a poor man
Mr. He gave the Gu family 5 million bride price
If Gu Qingxin marries someone else
Isn't this huge sum of money gone to waste?
Then my designer bag and new sports car
No, it's all gone
Hurry up and divorce me now!
I said this aunt
You got through my daughter-in-law
What do you call me auntie?
You see, your crow's feet can fake the death of a fly
Hey, your chin looks like an old witch
I said auntie
If you are ugly, you should go out less
What if you scare the flowers and plants?
You Gu Nuannuan
You go back and tell Gu Langhua
I will not marry Mr. He
Whoever loves to marry will marry us
Gu Qingxing, wait for me
Are you on holiday?
Let's cheer up for a while
Swallows will tour our hotel for a while
Everyone has to perform well
Who is Xiao Li Yan always?
I don't know Yan
total